adds m1 Mac instructions (#479)
PennyLaneAI/qml: README.md

where `tutorial_QGAN` should be replaced with the name of the demo to build.

## Building and running locally on Mac (M1)

> - Install [miniforge](https://github.com/conda-forge/miniforge) (for Homebrew: `brew install miniforge`).
> - Install each package in `requirements-norun.txt` by running `conda install package-name` or `conda install package1 package2 etc.`.
> - In the `Makefile` change `SPHINXBUILD = sphinx-build` to `SPHINXBUILD = python3 -m sphinx.cmd.build`.
> - Run `make html-norun`. If this succeeds, the `build` folder should be populated with files. Open `index.html` in your browser to view the built site.

Reviewer: ````suggestion
To install dependencies on an M1 Mac and build the QML website, the following instructions may be useful.

- If Python is not currently installed, we recommend you install [miniforge](https://github.com/conda-forge/miniforge). This can be done with Homebrew:

  ```bash
  brew install miniforge
  ```

- Install each package in `requirements-norun.txt` by running

  ```bash
  conda install --file requirements.txt
  ```

  Alternatively, you can do this in a new virtual environment using 

  ```bash
  conda install -n <env_name> --file requirements.txt
  ```

Once this is complete, you should be able to build the website using `make html-norun`. If this succeeds, the `build` folder should be populated with files. Open `index.html` in your browser to view the built site.

If you are running into the error message

```
command not found: sphinx-build
```

you may need to make the following change:

- In the `Makefile` change `SPHINXBUILD = sphinx-build` to `SPHINXBUILD = python3 -m sphinx.cmd.build`.
````

Reviewer: A couple of small changes (and I just searched online and discovered the `--file` flag!)
